{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1041{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei UI;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs18\lang17 Genshin Impact Multiple Calculator Software Term of Use\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
Article 1 (About these Terms of Use)\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1 These Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms") This Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms") shall apply to the Genshin Impact Multiple Calculator (hereinafter referred to as the "Software") provided by Konatoff (hereinafter referred to as the "Producer"). This Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as "Terms of Use") shall apply to all users (hereinafter referred to as "Users") of Genshin Impact Multiple Calculator (hereinafter referred to as "Software") provided by Konatoff (hereinafter referred to as "Producer"). (hereinafter referred to as the "User"). (hereinafter referred to as the "User"). The User must agree to the following terms and conditions before using the Software.\par
The Producer reserves the right to change this Agreement at any time and for any reason without prior notice to the User. If you use the Software after the changes to the Terms take effect, you will be deemed to have agreed to the Terms after the changes.\par
\par
Article 2 (Definition of Terms)\par
\par
The following terms in this Agreement shall have the following meanings\par
\par
(1) "Application data" means data including text, program code, and forms.\par
(2) "Content" means data including photographs, sounds, music, images, and graphics.\par
(3) "User Data" means data created by the User using the Software.\par
\par
Article 3 (Use of the Software)\par
\par
The User shall be responsible for all software necessary to run the Software (hereinafter referred to as "Prior Software"). The User shall agree to the license of the Advance Software and use the Software under the User's responsibility.\par
The Producer shall not be liable for any disadvantage or damage incurred by the user as a result of installing the Advance Software or the Software.\par
The Software can be used free of charge. However, the user is responsible for any communication charges associated with the use of this software.\par
This software may provide links to external websites and content. The software may provide links to external websites and content, and the manufacturer shall not be liable for any damages caused by these websites or content.\par
The Producer shall not be liable for any damages caused by counterfeit products of the Software or any secondary distribution of the Software that has been illegally accessed, reverse engineered, decompiled, or otherwise tampered with.\par
\par
Article 4 (Change of Service)\par
\par
The Producer may add, change, suspend, or terminate the Software and the rules of the Software at any time at the Producer's convenience, and shall not be liable to the User.\par
The Producer may set restrictions on the functions and tools of the Software as necessary, such as fee-based or age restrictions.\par
\par
Article 5 (Maintenance of Usage Environment)\par
\par
The User shall take security measures such as prevention of unauthorized access and information leakage according to the User's usage environment.\par
The Producers shall not be involved in, and shall not be responsible for, the User's usage environment.\par
\par
Article 6 (Intellectual Property Rights, etc.)\par
\par
The rights to the application data provided by the producer within the Software shall be owned by the producer, and all rights to the contents shall belong to miHoYo Inc.\par
\tab All rights related to the contents belong to miHoYo Corporation. miHoYo Corporation does not grant the user a license to use the patent rights, utility model rights, trademark rights, copyrights, or other rights held by the creator.\par
\par
Article 7 (Responsibility of the User)\par
\par
The User shall use the Software at his/her own risk.\par
The User shall use the Software at his/her own risk. The User agrees that the Producer will monitor the Software for unauthorized use.\par
User warrants that User will not infringe upon any trademark, copyright, other intellectual property rights, publicity rights, or privacy rights of any third party when using the Software.\par
You agree to allow other users to view, access, display, store, and copy your User Data for their personal use, and that your User Data may be introduced by other users through the Software on other companies' social networking services.\par
The user agrees that the user data acquired by the software will expire when the user terminates the use of the software or deletes the data stored in the usage environment.\par
\par
Article 8 (User's License to Producer)\par
\par
The User agrees that the Producer may collect information on the use of the Software and use the User Contents for advertising and marketing analysis of the Software, products or advertisements of third parties related to the Software, and improvement or maintenance of the Software.\par
\par
Article 9 (Prohibited Matters)\par
\par
The User shall not perform the following acts when using the Software.\par
The user shall not perform any of the following acts when using the software: - Modifying the functions of the software by any method other than the method specified by the producer.\par
Use the information posted on the software for any purpose other than the use of the software.\par
Any action that infringes or may infringe on the copyright, trademark, patent, or any other intellectual property rights of the producer or any third party.\par
The act of providing false information to the producer.\par
Actions that violate or may violate laws, regulations, or public order and morals.\par
The act of sending information containing computer viruses or other harmful programs.\par
Acts of deciphering, decompiling, disassembling, or reverse engineering the software used to provide this software.\par
Any other actions that the creator deems inappropriate.\par
If a user commits any of the prohibited acts, the producer may immediately take any action deemed necessary by the producer, such as stopping the distribution of the software, and the producer shall not be held responsible for any disadvantage incurred by the user as a result of such action.\par
In the event that the producer suffers damage due to the prohibited acts of Paragraph 1 of this article, the user shall compensate for the damage.\par
\par
Article 10 (Disclaimer)\par
\par
The use of all information provided in this software shall be done at the user's own risk, and the producer shall not be involved in, and shall not be responsible for, any damages, troubles, lawsuits, etc. caused to the user in relation to the use of said information.\par
The producer may stop all or part of the software without prior notice to the user if the producer deems it necessary. In this case, the producer shall not be liable for any damage or disadvantage caused to the user.\par
The producer does not guarantee that there are no bugs, failures, etc. in the software, and even if the user suffers damage or disadvantage due to the software not being continuously provided due to bugs or failures, etc. in the software, the producer shall not be held responsible.\par
The producer may change or discontinue all or part of the Software without prior notice to the user, and shall not be liable for any damage or disadvantage caused to the user due to the change or discontinuation of the Software.\par
In the event that there are any links or directives other than this software in this software, the producer shall not be responsible for the contents of such links.\par
The producer shall not be responsible for any damage or disadvantage caused to the user due to unauthorized modification of the software, unauthorized access to data related to the software, computer viruses, or other illegal activities.\par
The Producer shall not be liable for any damage caused by a reduction in the display speed of the Product or failure of the Product due to excessive access or other unexpected factors.\par
The Producer shall also not be liable for any damages, etc. caused by or related to the Software other than those specified in this Article.\par
\par
Article 11 (Compensation for Damages)\par
\par
In the event that the User violates these Terms of Use or causes damage to the Producer or a third party through the use of the Software, the User shall compensate for the damage at its own responsibility and expense.\par
\par
Article 12 (Governing Law)\par
\par
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Japan.\par
Any and all disputes relating to these Terms and Conditions and the Software shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court as the court of first instance.\par
}
 